dev: Add a missing command to run tests in dev environment (#4858)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: DEVELOPMENT.md

- Follow [Go's installation guide](https://golang.org/doc/install) to install Go.
- Download Node.js [from their website](https://nodejs.org) and install it.
- Follow [Yarn's installation guide](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) to install Yarn.

> - Follow the guides to [install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/#supported-platforms) and to [install Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/#install-compose)(only v1.x is supported for now).

Reviewer: In #4706 we decided to rather add support for docker compose v2. Coud you remove this line and open an issue about this?

#### Running frontend end-to-end tests locally

> Make sure to [build the frontend assets](#building-the-frontend), [start The Things Stack](#starting-the-things-stack) and run it with `tools/bin/mage dev:startDevStack`, then run `tools/bin/mage dev:sqlDump` to save database dump before executing end-to-end tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to [build the frontend assets](#building-the-frontend), [start The Things Stack](#starting-the-things-stack) and run `tools/bin/mage dev:sqlDump` after running `tools/bin/mage dev:initStack` to save database dump used as database seed when running end-to-end tests. To run the stack when working on end-to-end tests, use the `tools/bin/mage dev:startDevStack` command. This will run the stack in proper configuration for the end-to-end tests, note that this is an endless process that essentially runs the The Things Stack process so you don't have to wait for it to finish.
```
